---
author: amy@amy-mac.com
comments: true
share: true
date: 2010-08-13 00:46:47+00:00
layout: post
slug: youll-be-selling-books-at-the-airport
title: You'll Be Selling Books at the Airport
wordpress_id: 985
tags:
- Dreams &amp; Goals
- Experiences
- Theatre
---

I went to a theatre festival on Sunday and though I enjoyed getting out of the house and the beauty of the Yerba Buena Gardens, I was a little disappointed with most of the acts I saw. I suppose I was just choosing the wrong performances to see. The highest quality one was probably _Jerry Springer: The Opera_, though I am not a fan of Jerry Springer the show. I also understand what Ron meant now when he said the show is not for the faint of heart. I was pretty wide eyed through most of their snippet.

This has been the week of auditions and it has exhausted me mentally and emotionally. I auditioned for _The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee_ on Monday night. I thought there was going to be readings, etc, but as usual there wasn't. My audition was just so-so, and they cut me off before my 32 bars was finished. Most of the girls there sang "My New Philosophy". They all sounded the same and they all got callbacks; I did not. On Tuesday night I auditioned for _Cabaret_. I ended up singing a song I learned just that day: Not For the Life of Me from _Thoroughly Modern Millie_. I had a great audition and felt so good about it afterwards. I told them though that I wouldn't be able to attend callbacks. I didn't receive a callback. I wonder if the fact that I couldn't attend was why. I really thought I had it in the bag. On Wednesday night I auditioned for _Gypsy_. I was going to sing Not For the Life of Me again since I had such a good audition with it the night before, but I panicked after hearing the other auditioners and sang "I'm Not" instead. It wasn't a great audition. The dancing was extremely easy. I guess the director was desperate for people because he told us we were all cast and that callbacks on Monday would determine exactly as what. I was being considered for Mazeppa, because of my tallness, but I am frustrated that they were considering me for Mazeppa and not Electra or Tessie Tura. The latter two are both in my range vocally but Mazeppa is absolutely not. I can't sing low, I can't sing in a grindy manner. I really wish I could, but I had to accept at a certain point that I was never going to be a sultry alto. The musical director had me trying to sing the part and couldn't get me to do what he wanted since, hello, I'm a soprano. I had to talk-sing most of it and the few points that were higher were in my pretty head voice, which they don't want. I tried to be raspy but it just made my throat hurt. I also had to do an improvisational burlesque performance to You Gotta Get a Gimmick and though I was trying to be ugly and funny I was told that I was too sexy and erotic; THAT'S not something I usually hear. So I'll find out on Tuesday if I was cast as Mazeppa, but I'm definitely in the ensemble of the show.

Today I was feeling very downtrodden and defeated. What's the use of having a beautiful voice and being a great actress if I'm not able to show it to anyone? I feel like I'm never going to have the chance to show this area what I'm capable of, and it's all because I suck at musical auditions. If people did readings at auditions then I'd have an edge but that's not going to happen and my fear of singing at auditions is not going to get any better. I'm done. I want to go back to doing just straight plays but there's hardly any ever going on and when they are I usually can't audition because of work. I just can't take the stress of auditioning for musicals anymore. Maybe if I move back to one of the areas where I've already proven myself, then okay, but Bay Area, screw you.

I haven't had a lot of personal time to myself lately, so I've been feeling overwhelmed and stressed at home, as well as work. I've finally got a working template in place for my website but have hardly any time to fill it with actual content. I really wish this process was moving faster. While riding BART to the airport today I kept almost crying while lost in my thoughts. I started wondering if there is even a point in making my website, wondering what I am doing with my life, where my place is in the world, how insignificant I am and everything else, occasionally thinking, "Just do what makes you happy," and almost crying because theatre is what makes me most happy; it always has.

I babysat Aiden the other day. I tried to work and watch him at the same time but he was a lot of work and took my full attention most of the time. It made me realize once again how much I'm not ready to have children. I loved spending the time with him, and loved how he'd stop crying whenever I sang Not For the Life of Me to him (he didn't seem to like songs from Cabaret though, I think it's because the former says the word "baby"), but I realized that it's just not plausible to get work done while taking care of a baby. So how would I support my child and me? I suppose that if I had one of those carrying pouches then I could type, etc. while technically holding the baby, but what if I'm no longer working from home? I doubt they let you take your baby to work with you. Thinking through all this I started to feel that I may never have the joy of raising children. I might end up one of those invisible people who no one notices dead for weeks.

Airports are a great place for writing. I sometimes think about taking up real writing again but I can't even find time for everything else. I wish I had more time for my own interests; maybe someday. I'm so tired of traveling. I want my life back. For now though, it's off to find the next flight to sit standby for. That could be a metaphor for my life.
