---
author: amy@amy-mac.com
comments: true
date: 2010-08-05 03:20:43+00:00
layout: post
slug: '65'
title: Everyone's Got Their Chains to Break
wordpress_id: 983
tags:
- Experiences
- Work
---

Finally have a moment to breathe, and therefore post. Just got back from Colorado where I was running the Shining Stars Foundation's 2nd largest annual event and being my amazing business woman self. I'm only home for 9 days before I have to head back again to run the silent auction at a different event. Besides barely sleeping and working nonstop, the highlights of this year's event was that for the first time ever I made the Adam Falls hike, so now I actually know where it is. It's quite beautiful up there and I'll have to make the trip again when I'm not stressing out and there's not a storm coming in. The Grand Lake Chocolate store somehow made an improvement to the ice cream that has been my favorite for 10 years. They have a new flavor called Death by Even More Chocolate.

The more time I spend around Megan, the more I like her even more. This is wonderful and gives me great hope for the future of the office. It's nice having a new friend too; her and I are quite similar. Cookie bought me a new hat at my favorite store, because she wanted to treat a girl to something (she has a son). So now I have an awesome blue hat to add to my collection. Cookie also bought me this mug I've been lusting over for two months, as a surprise gift for fixing her computer...again (something I do on a regular basis). I'm in love with this mug. It's so perfect for me. Oh, another highlight of the week was getting to ride on Andy's motorcycle with him back to Winter Park after the rafting trip. I was forced to wear a helmet and motorcycle jacket, which dampened my usual euphoria the wind creates, but still great nonetheless. During the 45 minute trip back to Winter Park I decided that I am going to save up for a motorcycle, since I only have the joy of being a passenger on one a couple times a year.

I'm growing increasingly excited about my trip to Spain, but am really quite sad that I don't have a better camera to take with me. I got my blood work bill yesterday and thought, "Wow, I could have just not had those tests done and bought a nice camera or a big screen TV." I won tickets to see Joseph & the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat, which is pretty great because free tickets are the only reason I would have seen the show. I've been completely stressing out about the 3 auditions I have next week. Well, not Gypsy or Cabaret so much, because I don't care that much about Gypsy, and I won't be cast in Cabaret since I can't attend callbacks, but Spelling Bee is really tormenting me. The only thing that I'm fully satisfied would be a good audition piece is "I'm Not" from Little by Little, which of course is an extremely obscure musical that sheet music doesn't exist for >.< I'm just going to have to settle on something, and I've already psyched myself out about it. I'm pretty sure I'm going to sing "Special" from Avenue Q for the Gypsy audition. Haven't really decided on Cabaret yet, though there are quite a few that would work just fine. I'll probably since "I Love a Piano" if it gets down to the wire.

Now that I'm home I suddenly feel overwhelmed with things I want to do in my free time again; something that is not an issue when I'm in Colorado and working constantly. I want to play piano, practice Spanish, educate myself, go to the gym, read books, work on my website, finish unpacking, watch movies, etc. I deactivated my facebook account today. Finally facebook has made it possible for me to do so, but when I realized that I still hadn't, because I go there to check auditions, and use it as a conduit for my scrabble playing. But today, after I had been doing well the last couple weeks, I happened to go there and see a bunch of pictures of the asshole & the manipulative harlot together. No matter what I do to block myself from seeing anything, it always somehow shoves itself in front of my face. So either I delete all our mutual friends, which I'm not willing to do, because unlike him I don't just toss friendships away for no reason on a whim, or I remove myself. So I did and hopefully this relapse into sadness and anger will evaporate again by tomorrow.

On the bright side of things I'll be at a theatre festival in SF all day on Sunday before the first of the three auditions. Hurrah! I'm totally looking forward to it; I might even attempt to be social and somehow make some thespian friends.
