---
author: amy@amy-mac.com
comments: true
share: true
date: 2012-09-11 05:08:42+00:00
layout: post
slug: cantare
title: Cantaré
wordpress_id: 289
categories:
- Music
tags:
- auditions
- Cantare
- Performing
---

I saw an audition notice for an Adult community chorus a week ago and got excited and thought, "I should audition!" and then was immediately plagued by doubts thinking about how stressful music auditions are, how terrible I usually do in them because of nervousness, and then how little time I even had to prepare being that it was tech week for the play that I'm in. I made an audition appointment anyway, knowing that in the 5 days before the audition I would probably cancel. A couple days later I mentioned it to my good friend and old vocal coach PJ and he encouraged me to do it, of course, but I've always thought that he is biased in his faith in my singing because he's worked with me so much and doesn't seem to realize how badly I do in auditions, so I often find his optimism annoying.

The weekend arrived, I was exhausted and broken from tech week and stress, and I hadn't even had the chance to start thinking about an audition song. I spent a couple hours going through my sheet music, singing dozens of songs trying to find a good piece to do, and as usual became exasperated and proclaimed that I probably was going to cancel the audition. The next morning I woke up even more exhausted, thought about all the things I needed to get done that day, realized I still didn't have an audition song picked out and decided to officially cancel the appointment. Upon voicing this decision my boyfriend starting running around the house getting things done that I said I needed to do, exclaiming, "Damnit, I'll do whatever it takes to get you to that audition." I was stressed, nervous, and as usual afraid of failure, but I couldn't turn down the love and support that wonderful man gives me time and time again. So I narrowed it down to two songs, had him help me choose, bought the sheet music online, printed it out, and got my ass in gear.

I drove to the audition, getting more nervous by the minute, and then told myself, "You're not competing against anyone else. They just want to see what your voice is like." I went in there, shook the hands with the Vocal Director and was relieved to see there was no one in the room but him. I answered a few questions, and then he sat down at the piano to play and I showed him where my 32 bars started. He said, "Let's just start from the beginning; we have time." then he started playing the intro and I thought, "Here we go."

My body shakes when I get nervous, and I realized that my hands had already started doing so, but he couldn't see me and that made me feel better. I started singing, nervously at first, but stronger as it went along. I didn't do my absolute best, but I did well enough. I was pleased with my singing, which rarely happens when I sing at an audition. Afterwards he put me through a test where I had to listen to what he played then sing it back. I passed that, and then he asked me what part I usually sing. I told him I usually sing 1st Soprano but could do 2nd Soprano if need be. He then shook my hand and said, "Welcome aboard, we're glad to have you." I was surprised and ecstatic.

To some people it may seem silly to go through such an ordeal for something as simple as a community choir, but being able to audition well is a big accomplishment for me, and something I continually struggle with. For years I've tried to get better at not psyching myself out, and have ended up so frustrated because it doesn't seem to ever get better, or easier. I often lament, "What's the use of being able to sing well if I can't prove it to anyone when it matters?" and try to be content just singing around the house, but I never am content with that.

So now I get to sing every Sunday with this choir, and I get to perform with them in a few months, and I couldn't be happier.

Sidenote: In case anyone was wondering I sang the song "I Ought to Cry" from _Little by Little_.
