---
author: amy@amy-mac.com
comments: true
share: true
date: 2012-08-11 00:52:57+00:00
layout: post
slug: im-alive
title: I'm Alive
wordpress_id: 229
tags:
- Theatre
- vacation
- Work
---

Talk about extreme neglect of my website. I never even finished my "year in review" that I do at the end of every year. Trying to do it as a blog this year instead of an electronic newsletter made it too long and overwhelming until I abandoned it completely. I've hardly been online these past few months, and while the reasons are mostly happy ones, I do wish I had more time for my side projects, such as this website. For a while I was trying to keep this blog less personal and more about things other people might be interested in, but I suppose that's what twitter is for and in the end this is my space to do with it what I will. As such, I'm tempted to go back to talking about what's going on in my life, there for whomever might be interested in knowing. I'm not doing anyone any great injustice since my "interesting/professional" posts weren't happening anyway. So here's a summary of where I am right now:

My unemployment came to an end at the beginning of May. I am working at [Viator](http://www.viator.com) doing many interesting things, and am very happy there. It's a large reason why I've been too busy to be online and to work on things like my website, or anything much in general. Between my full-time job with them, the side work I do for [Gingery & Associates](http://www.gingeryinfo.com), and the [Shining Stars Foundation](http://www.shiningstarsfoundation.org), plus commuting and trying to cram in actual eating/showering/cleaning house, my personal time has been minimal. I am not complaining about this fact. I much prefer how life is going right now to the alternative. I'm happy to be busy, productive, and gainfully employed. I'm learning how to balance a full-time job out of the house with a relationship and personal time. I am working out how to have more time for my hobbies in the future.

Speaking of hobbies I have started rehearsals for Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's The Speckled Band with the [Orinda Starlight Village Players](http://www.orsvp.org). It's currently taking up all my weeknights but I'm happy to be doing theatre again. It has been a year and half since I last did a show, and 4 years since I last did a straight play. I chose to take time off from theatre to pursue other interests, such as night classes, networking, and developing a social life, but I can never stay away from the stage for long and hope to go back to performing on a regular basis again.

Currently I am on my 2nd ever vacation, which has been surreal and very welcome. It is also the reason that I have the time to write this post. I am in Ashland, Oregon for the Oregon Shakespeare Festival with my boyfriend and his family. It has been an incredible experience so far; I've seen 4 shows so far in the last few days, and have 3 more to see before we leave. I've never had the chance to see so much theatre in so short of a time, though I've always dreamed about going to New York City to do basically the same thing. I haven't taken as many pictures as I normally would on a trip to a place such as this; usually I'm so camera-happy, but I find myself just living in the moment and forgetting to record the experience. There is a freedom in that I'd say, and I suppose I've been more relaxed about documenting my life in general ever since I lost it all in the robbery.

Today though, life is good.
