---
author: amy@amy-mac.com
comments: true
date: 2015-05-02 15:10:00-07:00
layout: post
slug: being-privileged
title: Being Privileged
categories:
- Personal
- Politics
tags:
- police
- privilege
- riots
share: true
---
A couple days ago I saw post after post on Facebook made by white people that kept saying the same thing about the Baltimore riots. The sentiment tended to be, "I get why people are mad, _BUT why can't they protest peacefully..._" and it really started to infuriate me, because 1) No they don't get it, and 2) Everyone was focusing on the riots as opposed to the loss of human life like the former was so much more important. I'm not saying I advocate riots, and it's also worth noting that lots of people did protest peacefully, but the riots are a symptom and not the root problem. Now I'm not saying I understand what black people are going through, because how could I? The entire point of this post is that I'm willing to admit that I can't even imagine what it's like to live with that kind of oppression and fear and I wish more (white) people would recognize their privilege. I may be half Mexican but I have never identified as anything but white. Let me tell you a little story about my privilege.

I've grown up hating the police. I've also grown up trying to always follow the law because I'd like the least amount of interaction with police officers as possible. I have the luxury of knowing that if I do follow the law they're not going to bother me. A lot of people don't have that luxury. I am fortunate. I have never been arrested. I have never even gotten a speeding ticket (because I don't speed) and I drive without fear of being pulled over because I know as long as I follow the rules they have no reason to, and for this I am also fortunate. Why the hatred of the police then? I lived through 4 police raids from the ages 6 - 14 years old. Key word there is "lived." Everyone in my family lived. If any of us had been black, that probably wouldn't be the case. Again, I am fortunate.

During one of the raids that I remember best from when I was a child, the cops busted in through the garage door directly next to the bedroom I shared with my sister. My mother was completely naked and had just thrown on a shirt as she ran to my room. She stood half-naked in front of me while the cops pointed a gun at her and shouted for her to get down on the ground. They did not shoot her. She said no. They still did not shoot her. They gave her another chance to get down on the ground shouting that if she didn't get down that they'd shoot, but still they did not shoot. She did finally get down on the ground and they handcuffed her and brought us out to the living room. I had to watch as the cops leered at my half-naked mother. I had to hear them make lewd comments about her. I did not have to worry about them hurting her or killing her, because cops don't do that, right? But I hated them as I watched them do these things while my mother begged them to let my sister or me bring her a blanket to drape over her naked bottom half. They eventually let us but the whole incident had already been embarrassing, frightening, and left a big imprint on me.

There was a time when my Uncle David was present during one of the police raids. He also had lots of trouble with the police off and on throughout the years. During the raid he ran from them and jumped over the fence in our backyard. They did not shoot him. They caught him, without any great abuse. It's almost laughable the difference in treatment of a white male resisting arrest, and a black male who isn't resisting.

At the time did I think I was lucky? Of course not. As a child I was confused and scared, and then mocked and teased by other children for what I had been through. I thought I had it pretty bad but then as you get older you find out that there are always people who have it worse than you and you count your blessings. Does it mean your problems or experiences don't matter? No, but it gives you perspective and helps you sympathize with others. I could tell you all about the last time we were raided, when I was 14, and all the awful things the cops did that time, what I went through, all the horrible ways in which it affected my life, but it really doesn't matter, because in the end I was still lucky. I even had the privilege of being able to stand outside my apartment during the raid after we were "free to go" and shout obscenities at the officers in astronaut looking suits filing in and out, because I had nothing to be afraid of. They were not going to arrest me, they were not going to hurt me.

The first time my father went to prison he ended up serving only about a year and a half. He had the privilege of being allowed to go to prison instead of being murdered for his crimes. He had the privilege of a trial.

I've had a lot of friends throughout the years, and even some family, not understand my anger or dislike towards the police because they had not lived through my life experiences. The times I've shouted snarky statements towards officers passing by were usually met with disapproval. My emotions dismissed as immature or unreasonable. They couldn't see things through my eyes; they couldn't understand.

I could also go on and on about the ways I've been oppressed in my life as a woman and the various shit that I've had to deal with, or the ways in which poverty had wreaked havoc on my life. There have been times where I've worried about being homeless, or being starved, but I've never actually had to fear for my life from authority figures. However, inevitably when I tell people about experiences that I've had, they feel bad for me, or express sadness. They think I've had it bad, and yet they are just as willing to judge me for mistakes I make or not living up to the standards of living that shouldn't have applied to someone in my situation. So when I see what's been pushed to the forefront of the media these days concerning people of color in our society, I realize how lucky I've been even during bad experiences in my life, and I don't make assumptions about them. I'm not going to pretend that I know how I would act or conduct my life under those circumstances.

Everyone has an opinion and everyone wants to judge, but the best thing you can do is just listen to others when they tell you about their experiences and give them the benefit of the doubt. In regards to the riots, I'm not saying such actions should be condoned, but I sure as hell think WHY they happen is a far more important topic to focus on, because no one knows how they'd react in situations they have never been in, and you might do the same thing too.
